Daluz	Raphael	M	Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9.
Nguyen	Tien	L	"""are you serious?"""
Broskey	Jules	N	"a girl with a gluten allergy arrives at her favorite sandwich shop. As she puts the car in park, what does she say to her family? Lettuce roll"
England	Daniel	H	"A man walks into a bar. A second man walks into a bar. A third bar walks into a man. The man, unsure of what has happened looks up to see another man."
Sieglen	Brennan	P	"A Pope, a chair, and a water bottle walk into a bar. The Pope says ""I'll have the water!"""
Croce	Jake	A	"A Spanish magician says he will disappear on the count of 3. He says ""uno, dos..."" poof. He disappeared without a tres."
Garcia	Izabelle	G	"A Spanish magician told everyone he would disappear. He said, "Uno, dos...." Then disappeared without a tres."
Baynard	Mandy	D	"An electron is speeding down the highway when a police officer pulls him over. The officer walks up to the car and asks, ""do you know how fast you were going."" The electron replies, ""Yeah, but now I'm lost."""
Pastino	Giovanni	N	Do you guys ever accidentally put your kids in the oven and drive the turkey to school?
Nair	Shreyas	H	GOT NONE
Abu_Hawzah	Alaa	A	Grandma's house is like the Bermuda Triangle – things just disappear in there
Carrillo Soto	Julio	C	"Honestly, how does it feel to have the best undisputed favorite grandchild?"
Burchell	Paige	C	How can you tell the average weather on top of a mountain? You climate!
Mazabras	Matthew	S	How did the crab cross the road? It sidewalked
Jose	Angel	A	how do robots eat pizza?..... one byte at a time
OBrien	Aidan	P	How do you comfort a bug in your code? You console it
Campbell	John	P	How do you get a tissue to dance? > Put a little boogie in it
Pizzurro	Victoria	X	How do you get a tissue to dance? You put a lil boogie in it!
Syed	Aoun	A	How do you know if a vampire is unwell? They be coffin
Jacovetti	Steven	A	How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it!
Taylor	William	H	How does a mathematician pick their nose? They work it out with a pencil.
Joshi	Aarna	X	How does a penguin build a house? It glues the house together (like igloo get it haha)
Steeves	Joseph	A	How does the man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Pillay	Tiyaan	X	How does the ocean say hello? It waves!
Chowdhury	Salsavil	X	I keep telling Grandma to get a hearing aid. But she won't listen :(
Movva	Rishi	X	I love college
Patel	Romir	M	"I told my grandma I felt invisible. She patted my hand and said, ""Nonsense, dear... I've been ignoring you just fine!"""
Nittoly	Anthony	J	I tried to catch fog yesterday. I mist.
Infantes	Luis	J	"If a King sleeps on a king mattress, and a Queen sleeps on a queen mattress, what does a Prince sleep on? An heir mattress"
Zhang	Wenzhen	X	knock knock who’s there CMU CMU who? CMUDisJoke
Boomer	Jermaine	E	"Knock, Knock; Who's there; Interrupting cow; Interrupt-; MOOOOO"
Wang	Alexander	X	"My cat saw me knocked over the plant on the kitchen, to show my cat that law applies to everyone, I have to spray myself with the watergun."
Bartolotta	Michelle	J	"My ex wife still misses me, but her aim is getting better"
Lawson	George	W	My ex-wife still misses me... BUT HER AIM IS GETTIN BETTER!
Bregvadze	Alexander	X	"Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Watson decide to go camping one night, right? So they make a camp-fire, have a bottle of wine, roast some marshmallows. The usual. Then they bed down for the night. Later that night, Holmes wakes up and wakes up Watson. 'Watson, he says, 'look up at the sky and tell me what you see.' And Watson says, 'I can see the stars.' 'And what does that tell you?' Holmes asks. And Watson starts listing things, like that there are millions of stars, and how a clear sky means good weather for the next day, and how the majesty of the cosmos is proof of a powerful God. When he's done, he turns to Holmes and says 'What does the night sky tell you, Holmes?' And Holmes says, 'That some bastard has stolen our tent!'"""
Fadadu	Nova	V	"Some one exclaims, "look a flock of cows!" The person next to them corrects them, "Herd of cows". They respond, "Yeah, I have, there's a flock of them over there.""
Patel	Haiya	X	"The broom swept them off their feet, but it was the invention of the fan that really blew them away. The vacuum cleaner sucked though"
Goldring	Ariel	M	"There are 10 types of people, those who understand binary, and those who don't"
Peleg	Tamar	X	"This is a nerdy one.... The larger the sample size, the better the average..... or the N justifies the means"
Arpaia	Justin	A	Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other “Do you know how to drive this thing?”
Karve	Kiera	E	Want to hear a joke about the roof? The first one is on the house.
Smith	Cole	T	What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback.
Le	Tom	M	What did 50 Cent do when he was hungry? 58!
Silbaugh	Atticus	T	What did the banana say to his crush? I find you very a peeling
Seidel	Kristopher	R	"What did the big flower say to the little flower? - ""Hey Bud!"" i -"
Dortu	Avery	C	What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Vanyi	James	T	What do elves learn in school? The elphabet
Effiong	Miracle	V	What do grandma’s teeth and the stars have in common? They both come out at night.
Smith	Mary	M	What do you call 8 hobbits?  A Hobbyte!
Casuga	Cedrick	L	"What do you call a can opener that cant open anything, a can’t opener"
Dokus	Gabriel	P	What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Walia	Nihaal	S	What do you call a magician who has lost his magic? Ian.
Szydlow	Emma	M	What do you call a pig that practices karate? A pork chop!
Das	Sanjna	X	What does a telephone give its girlfriend? A ringggggggg
Castle	Lucas	R	What has four wheels and flies? A GARBAGE TRUCK
Natale	Ava	N	What is a computer virus? A terminal illness
Pie	Colin	A	What is brown and sticky? A STICK! (haha)
Blume	Owen	M	What kind of fish does a knight like? A swordfish
Conway	Austin	R	What runs but never goes anywhere? A refrigerator.
McCormack	Matthew	T	"When an inuit goes fishing, he doesn't look for the fish, he looks for the blue heron."
Manzari	Gabi	X	"When does a joke become a ""dad"" joke? When it becomes apparent"
Elioff	Louis	W	"When you look really closely, all mirrors look like eyeballs"
Foster	Jillian	M	Where do you store bad jokes? The bad-da base.
Scrimenti	Brandon	R	Where does a polar bear keep his money? A Snow Bank!
Anderson	Darrin	W	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? Because the P is silent.
Castro	Nathan	A	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because it has a silent pee.
Winters	Carson	R	Why can't you trust stairs? They're always up to something!
Dove	Kacey	J	Why couldn't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he always got lost at 'C.'
Devine	Patricia	J	why did grandma put wheels on her rocking chair? because she wanted to rock and roll
Tapel	Daryl	K	Why did scarecrow win an award? Because he was OUTSTANDING in his field!
Tabaco	Chloe-Erika	B	Why did the AI break up with its chatbot girlfriend? Because it felt like their conversations were too scripted!
Farraj	Nicholas	J	Why did the C++ programmer break up with his girlfriend? He couldn't handle the arguments!
Sohn	Alexander	I	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the golden arches
Baker	Jacob	A	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
Clarke	Olivia	M	Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants? In case he got a hole in one!
Chacko	Jacob	A	Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems
Schmidt	Ryan	P	Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because it was dead!
Almaymony	Abdulrahman	M	Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn’t see that well :)
Slonacher	Brendan	G	Why did the quark visit the psychiatrist? It had too many unresolved issues with its spin and could not determine its position in
Black	Nathaniel	C	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Bajoria	Aditya	X	Why did the scarecrow win an award? -- Because he was outstanding in his field! ????
Christianson	Colin	H	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Tapel	Daryl	K	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was OUTSTANDING in his field!
Chen	Zijun	X	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Fang	Yuang	Y	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Romeo	Stephen	M	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Bao	Mianmian	X	Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged!
Meredith	Benjamin	A	Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they can't C!
Tymofyeyeva	Tatiana	E	Why do plants hate math? It gives them square roots.
Yenugu	Shriya	X	Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because the light attracts too many bugs!
Ellis	Isaac	C	Why don't skeletons like to fight? They don't have any guts!
Chioma	Courtney	U	Why is the flower so friendly? Because it always buds into conversations!
Bourgeon	Gabriel	T	Why shouldn't you use a broken pencil? Because it's point-less.
Krupiarz	David	P	Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 789
Hayward	Nathan	R	Why was 6 scared of 7? Because 7 8 9. This is a horrible joke and not funny at all but it's the first thing I thought of.
Mose	Ethan	E	"Why was cinderella so bad at soccer, She kept running away from the ball"
Mekhai	Waples	D	Why was the office of cantaloupes so glum? Because they were melon-colleagues.
Yang	Hanmin	X	Why was the plum sad? because it was feeling plum-glum.
Guy	Ian	C	"Yo mama so nasty, she gave my computer a virus."
Roze	Onoriode	O	If someone says they're alright, say,  "no you're all left".
Tran	Ken	W	Why did Grandma sit on the clock?  Because she wanted to be on time! 
